hey everybody welcome back to normal and
plays The Binding of Isaac after birth
plus where the game has been very good
to us recently like for like a month
basically mystery sack linger bean 2 HP
good damage adequate rate of fire good
speed PV 1/8 HSS one doesn't ain't
nothing wrong with this run we also
start with 5 cents I don't know why does
it even matter how hard we try keep that
in mind I was a little concern that
something like that could happen but
that's alright um I'm going to keep game
kid over book of sin basically because
in most situations we probably keep book
of sin over game kit now if that might
sound a little ridiculous but basically
what I'm getting at is we have a chance
to make an item a little zanier
than it would otherwise be not the game
kid is particularly saying but you don't
forget the idea here it pretty much
comes down to the idea as well that
invincibility from a tactical targeted
invincibility standpoint might be more
valuable and also more fun than like
well we get an extra consumable once
every four rooms you know that's that's
not particularly exciting in the whole
scheme of things I think so
we should check for a narrow room we got
lucky that means we don't even have to
chance the the damage that we take even
though we'd probably get our HP back we
also got both of our bombs back there
and that was a garbage room so I'm
fairly happy that we ended up getting to
go to it for free but this is we're
gunning for win 15 right now which is
pretty exciting we have had streaks of
this magnitude before have we had them
recently no not really
always minute 20 into the run since
Invicta he says and it's I'm not blaming
him for having a conversation he says I
spent the last three hours in darkest
dungeon looking for a specific trinket
and I found it I feel you dude and by I
feel you I mean a couple idea what
you're talking about
darkest dungeon is a game quite like
you might think I don't because of the
fact that it's one of the only rogue
lights ever released that I haven't
played you know 800 episodes of but no I
actually quite liked that game I just
know the one thing that kept me away
from it long term two things one is it's
very difficult admittedly but it's not
just a difficulty that kept me away it's
it's the even though we did play a lot
of it to be honest but it's the the fact
that it's got such a slog towards the
end and slog is a negative term I mostly
just mean you know in order you've got
so much grinding that you have to do in
order to get your party up to a certain
level and then if you lose somebody you
got to back up and do like 30 missions
to get another person up to that level
though that was the thing that really
kept me back it's a persisting campaign
like XCOM style as opposed to a rogue
light which is completely fine but I
think we know where my allegiance is
live for the most part anyway still a
great game made in Vancouver although I
think they've moved to the United States
now but made in Vancouver so I got
nothing but respected ever tell you by
the time the dark is one of the darkest
dungeon developers saw me in the gym
changing room saw my twitch shirt and
said you know are you northern lion and
I was like this is how I died but no it
was a very nice gentleman and I was like
oh this is before darkest dungeon came
out I I know your game it's the one that
looks amazing and everybody can't stop
talking about because the art style is
wonderful and then you know like six
months later it came out in early access
and everyone was like this is amazing
and it did indeed was but anyway that's
that's the gist of that story yes the
developer of darkest dungeon has seen my
butt cheeks by the developer I mean one
of the people on a many talented team
there might be an arcade for us and this
floor I kind of went in this direction
financially speaking for us to have that
opportunity we're really like I mean we
got three HP we got good damage rate of
fires fine mystery sack hooking us up
with good utility and blue map I mean
I've
botted so I shouldn't be complaining but
it's not ten out of ten but if we get
bombs it does help us out so with
respect to maybe getting a little bit
extra HP or at least some extra utility
over the course of the run what do we
need what are we missing
basically rate of fire in particular but
bps in abstract like our rate of fire is
probably the easiest way for us to
improve this run because 10 is good but
it's not good forever
I mean it's similarly for damage is good
but it's not good forever but I don't
know I sort of feel like rate of fire
has more importance for whatever reason
that might be correct or incorrect
depending on your perspective
because it scales with the peer effects
and I don't know if many tier effects
are affected by damage the most of them
are affected by the amount that you can
fire spirit heart and bomb please spirit
heart that's fine because I've been
throwing away spirit hearts by being an
idiot and how long we had keys why
didn't I go to the I was telling a butt
cheek story so I didn't go to the shop
or the item room which is a little silly
on my part probably you take the compass
there is an arcade the arcade is going
to give us so much money even though so
good even though we won't have the game
kid ready for it actually we will
exactly have the game kid ready for it I
don't think we should use the game kid
for it until we get down to the point
where we need to use the game kid for it
what I basically mean why obviously you
got to try this out what I basically
mean by that one bomb is good because it
gives us a spirit heart access but oh I
always get too attached you know I get
so attached the idea of the room being
useful no no I'm Oh something something
head over you Claude room
when I'm Hannah Levine's ex of hearts
just garbage dude garbage inflation
basically there's been a lot of trash
inflation on on playing cards they used
to be like a safe bet you're like well
worst-case scenario I'm going to double
a consumable now it's like you know
viewer beware you're in for a freaking
scare another spirit heart again
basically exactly the expected value key
and some coins ain't nothing wrong with
that the loss of that arcade is going to
haunt me though man and by loss I mean
the fact that the arcade was not as
useful as I wanted it to be what never
mind dude good things come to those who
wait am i right bro
I don't know why I adopted this voice
for this bit and now I've become like
British instead I don't really get it so
paid out with IV bag right off the bat
which mostly is good financially let me
grab game kid we want to do this first
because we might end up giving away like
all of our HP dude life is good
[Music]
we only got the 19 cents which seems
like very low so then I'm going to you
know just kind of go wild on it here and
we're at 34 cents you will take
polydactyl loves to hold two things no
why do I only turn mm head of a he
becomes like I can't believe the the
twists and turns of this run has put me
through
either way deal with the angel it's not
a bad thing I don't know what the
shouting is from the other room usually
shouting of that magnitude indicates
something's going wrong in Final Fantasy
14 or one of the cats has thrown up so
we'll find out soon I'm sure
- Ace of Hearts or two of Hearts mairzy
doats and dozy doats little Lansing IV
you know got a spear at heart
I mean this is kind of like not the most
exciting play you could ever conceive of
in your entire life here but at the same
time it's doing good work for us you
can't deny we're at the forty three
cents and we bought the shop out
completely so I think we might be able
to sleep in the bed
whoa what a novel concept all I do in my
bed is he'd crack her see it's a meta
you thought it was going to be about
sexual intercourse and then I brought it
back to something else altogether
no no they let us back in the shop which
is nice or in the in the devil deal
which is nice even if the item is
garbage we've gotten like way out of our
way to do some deals with the angel
lately and I usually get paid back with
a kick in the teeth so you know what
we'll stick with what we got for now I'd
be bad game kids fine but the IV bag is
cooler it enables a lot more interesting
stuff as well a four-room rerolls all
item pedestals super magnet I don't even
I couldn't pretend to understand it's
pretty terrible for now our dps has not
improved at all since we started the run
we're not in a bad spot we're lucky that
our starting stats were above average so
we're not like even close to being
screwed but we're going to use a sack
dagger to do like pretty much all of the
damage that we have to do and as soon as
we get red hearts we actually have the
ability to do that with a lot of safety
built-in we if we ever feel like reading
close to taking damage you just pop IV
bag
get some money but also get a period of
invincibility that allows you to run
into enemies basically you know
guilt-free can you just like thank you
if you see like the problem if you could
stand still so I could oh my lord he's
the greatest dodger dude you should be
playing the game not me like that's
madness what you just done to me right
there some of the greatest plays I've
ever seen it's a bad room to do this on
yeah like that was not smart at all but
does get ya can't tonight okay extra
dime out of mystery sack that's why
earlier I was like you can't count
mystery sack out dude it's a good
utility item you can mystery sack out
that's like when you go to the grocery
store you're at the grocery store and
you know your wife's like should we get
cheese and in your head you're like of
course not we got so much cheese I make
the sandwiches you think I don't have
much cheese we got but then you go oh
you know we could always use more cheese
and you buy that cheese and then later
you know it turns out a bunch of things
you know come up can't go to the grocery
store or you haven't found a convenient
to go to the grocery store all you got
left in the fridge is a block of cheese
and you know what you're happy to have
that cheese because it makes for a great
snack in your time of need
it's exactly what that's like right
there NL are you okay look we need to go
grocery shopping is the gist of it but
this I mean it's I'm speaking from
experience as a true story we got that
block of cheese in the fridge and it's
helping me out a great deal
I could you know I was always the kid
who like you'd learn about medieval
history and they'd be like old prisoners
in the Tower of London only eight ration
of bread and cheese and I was like sweet
a sense that sounds awesome that's like
my ideal dietary plan
now of course I'm pretty sure that they
didn't get to like eat a lot of it and
they were mostly tortured and killed but
like on a dietary level one man's trash
is another man's filet mignon you know
mignon go make me lose my mind up in
here up in here we all go to make my
mouth water okay we got to actually go
like there's no reason for us to be on
that floor we got an arcade chance on
the next floor I don't care about blood
bags so much but we have an arcade an
exploit of an arcade chance now that we
can see me on go to places tries again
me y'all gonna make me eat oohs you up
in here up in here let's oh you you know
like even the roast beef sandwich minyan
gonna make me sound real cool up being
here okay so that's like enough of that
which is way way better than our most
recent player unknowns battleground
songs y'all got that m249 up in here up
in here y'all got that new leus okay but
we don't need to go down this road I can
that's you know they say the curse of
broadcasting or the poison of
broadcasting is dead air I think I've
invented a new form of poison or a new
form of solid freaking gold who knows
man it's run still good but we need more
than ghost baby if we're going to pop
off
we're due for a deal with the devil
smart money's on a deal with the devil
I don't need DPS I try to use the phrase
or the term need clothes too literally
there are times in Isaac that it becomes
a literal need if you don't have it the
odds are you will die you know I'm not
it's not like you straight-up needed to
survive but you needed to live in game
I'm going to use that as my literal you
know overloaded need word here we don't
need that yet yes y'all mind if I roll
need okay I still something to do with
World of Warcraft but mostly just loot
hoarder mind if I rolled need that's my
missile plague voice as well cancel
claim no okay little Gertie is fine fine
just not incredibly desirable I think
this is where our boss rush dreams
probably go to die we do have above zero
luck but not necessarily anticipating an
enormous payout here red hearts please
half a red heart is fine fine I don't
think we'll get much out of that but you
got a try and that's why you got to try
we just got quite a lot out of it
actually
we should go P this
first off ridiculous amounts of money
then what how did that bomb get kicked I
placed it and kicked it simultaneously
what I am I you know I'm the Brazilian
national football team I'm not in case
you're unaware so here's how like
psychologically this run goes off the
rails I'm not doing much DPS but I have
sac dagger so I look at sac dagger and I
go we should use this all the time
what's the safest way to use it all the
time use IV bag to back it up what's the
problem there you lose out on red hearts
and eventually you know as our spirit
hearts slowly get lost here we end up
basically you know robbing tomorrow to
pay today which is not an expression
that actually makes any sense so I need
to get comfortable with using my own
tears to deal damage I'm like a
fledgling baby bird and we've got to
gotta learn how to fly even if we ain't
gettin Wings coming down this is my Tom
Petty impression I don't think it's that
bad it's the hardest thing right in the
fly it's like if you're going for bad
Tom Petty that's actually pretty good
you're going for good Tom Petty it's
just extremely offensive just downright
disrespectful
so black bean IV bag sac dagger who
would have thought enemies get close we
fart get some money get some
invincibility and frighten the enemies
it's working
weirdly enough we desperately need some
and by need I mean of course not mean
but want some DPS I'm going to stay away
from using IV bag just because if we can
use it on our boss I'm a much happier
camper sick sick not so sick that's fine
honestly you don't even need to use IV
bag against this guy because he's so
predictable
he says right as he gets hit but this is
a moment for us this will be utmost
importance we got the D part of DPS we
did have brimstone recently but I feel
like no desire not to take it again that
was pretty stupid and the reasoning is
we sort of needed so I hope you've been
watching you know 3000 episodes of me
play this accursed game which is
actually one of the best games ever made
you you respect that my overall goal
even if the muddies get watered sometime
even if the water is getting muddied
sometime is to provide entertainment I
will willfully not notice I actually
think that like no other issac creators
I know do this which doesn't make me
feel Noble it makes me feel stupid but I
deliberately nerf myself sometimes by
not taking you know the best item
available because oh that was so dumb
that's a cap of spirit heart because of
the reason that you know I want to
provide entertainment above just
watching me win so I hope that you'll
respect that I only take brimstone in
this situation because I feel like we
should take brimstone for survival
purposes we should also stop mucking
about with IV bag because we're making
mistakes
as a result of its inclusion even our
brimstone is not necessarily crushing it
so we got a lot of good stuff going in
our favor it's up to us to not squander
it I think doctors remote is useless
right now I don't think we need red
candle it's the thing I could think
we're completely fine it's what we got
maybe we can get a luck upgrade no okay
who sent luck upgrade okay well you know
when you're good you're good that's a
much better use of IV bag do I can't
pick up sack of sacks when I'm hurt so I
want to pick it up we can do so we can
do so we just need to get one more half
red heart and then we're fine I thought
about it for literally like a quarter of
a second and I was like I'm an idiot
so right now double yarra rune appeals
to me it means that we have 16 items on
the chest which is really nice for
trying to get a cool synergy to work
with brimstone basically you know one
direct hit
makes all reroll machine or all item
rooms have a real machine
we could use the the cube of mead we do
have kind of like a tactical
invincibility thing going on we got a
long way to go before it's our principal
concern though I don't think we should
take anything but I'm going to take
black powder because I'm a moron uh and
you know what that means that I'm not
going to take sack of sacks because I
can't exercise my my cool trick anymore
so fine you don't you don't want me I
can take it in let's go down here I'm
actually frightened about this run which
is pretty sad to say considering we've
gotten two of the luckiest like blood
bags of all time we've gotten like
really good utility stuff and now our
damage is great but it hasn't always
been there but this is a if we come out
of this with a win which is let's be
honest probably likely I'm just given
the caliber of items that we got here we
should maybe relax a little bit on the
orbital damage it is kind of a nice
feather in your cap when it works but
when it doesn't it's kind of needlessly
jeopardizing the run here so and that
shoehorned us into this boring you know
let's try to make a third blood bag show
up sort of situation that is again a
little embarrassing in its own right old
bandage should be a very nice pickup as
well 87 cents is great though don't get
me wrong
we are suffering a little bit from like
a lack of damage of brimstone like five
point six nine damage is enough but when
you're not one shotting all basic
enemies you have to take a look at
yourself and be like is this what we
want to be in our lives we want to be
you know the mediocre brimstone boy or
do we want to be the more than enough
brimstone man when I hear that on song
they used to flu then I began streaming
because it's Monday Wednesday or
Thursday boots weenie I was a three in
shoes it's you know more than a feeling
except it's called
when NL streaming just just workshopping
some stuff here this floor is all big
rooms
easiest money ever made no spirit hearts
it only takes like fighting brownie for
this run to be in a horrible position
less than three is really good in this
exact situation don't take that out of
context now I ain't ever cared about an
HP upgrade HP is for babies just started
playing The Binding of Isaac this week
but I guess if you're going to give me
an HP upgrade I'll take one experimental
treatment also find moving box
I mean moving box is kind of a weird one
there's no we had no actual literal
benefit out of moving box right now why
am i holding it then don't have a good
reason for you the idea is you can
reroll it later or black ruin it later I
guess we could hold onto a little bit
more stuff as a result - I don't know
moving box it only works well if you get
black room I find so I sort of but we
don't need IV bag so do we really care
about making IV bag come down with us
like for four floors suppose not maybe
we'll find a good reason to do something
with this but for now I don't know I
don't see it I'm going to ignore it
basically on this floor out of laziness
but also out of the fact that we don't
have we need to get to battery charges
basically
[Music]
Polaroid and nothing else will head
downwards here what should we do the
idea I suppose is that if you find an
item you don't like curse be unknown
means we can at least see our items oh
we got a library too so we had a lots of
potential for putting stuff we don't
want or picking up stuff we don't want
but we need a black rune to make it pop
otherwise we get nothing out of it I got
to remind myself basically about how to
use moving box the first play is going
to pick stuff up
and then from that point onwards every
other play is going to alternate between
picking stuff up and putting it down so
we need to finish with a pickup always
if we want to take stuff with us at
least we have 41 keys this is our
advantage right now why even come close
to risking I don't know how that bombs
getting pushed around I'm very confused
okay go ahead dude thank you probably
will avoid going to the curse room and I
know that's like sacrilegious but this
runs like weirdly on NLE
like I'm taking every possible advantage
I'm gambling to get HP which I never
don't like any time we play a slot
machine that's like a once a month sort
of thing for me
we should get bookworm from this which
is great and then we'll take this and
the battery charge is useful so we suck
all this up including the battery charge
now we're going to spit out the battery
charge when we spit out everything out
so if we don't like our boss item that's
what we'll do there and it really only
works if we get a per throw or a black
room or the d6 I suppose but I wouldn't
hold out a lot of hope of that happening
so I guess the easiest thing to do is
you probably buy this just for sports
and then you spit everything out and you
buy this suck everything up and it's
kind of like a guilt-free pickup there
and we will do the same here because
it's an active item we don't really want
I guess
but we need to charge to spit everything
out first we want to take everything
here I don't know what our HP is like
but it's at least like three so we can
afford to play you twice grab this and
then play you twice again if we give the
opportunity to okay that was botched I
picked up the mark by accident but it's
fine because we're leaving regardless
with nine lives which might be a
negative at this point but we're going
to we only need one more charge because
when we spit it out we're going to spit
out a battery charge I don't know we're
going to get one more charge though we
got three more rules of combat before we
qualify we also will have the chance to
fight we're going to get it we will have
the chance to fight hush I don't know if
that's desirable at all we do have a lot
of money we might not get the chance to
find out it depends on how the rest of
the run goes but it's right now looking
like that's conceivable timing wise a
lot of consumables I don't want to fight
hush with nine lives and very little HP
we might be on like actually one HP
right now times nine but still you know
we got to make some deductions here whew
that's I mean it's pretty good just give
me an HP upgrade and I'll be a very
happy camper you know there's something
about that double temperance has got me
interested power pill please
pheromones we do have PhD but I don't
care that much about this although we
should take that instead of the yeah
hear me out here
we should take that instead of the white
pony the white pony could be good but
I'd rather take down something that
guarantees me good pills and something
that gives me a passive ability to fly
even though both of them have a purpose
this is a weird run and you know I do
appreciate the moving box or keeping me
like neuroplastic but I just worry if
it's all for naught and if we're going
to end up getting no pay out for putting
in a little bit of effort here but we
haven't really given up a great space
bar item to enable it so stop the hand
ring in a little bit almost certainly
worth it you know what it's actually
ghost baby that's pushing the bombs
because I've mentally filter out the
existence of ghost baby I think I forget
so obviously you know I'm not holding
out a ton of hope for the guppy dream
but we do have at least one more
guaranteed deal with the devil turns out
that we will definitely not fight hush
on this run unless we go like super fast
I don't think we care about fighting
gosh we had chaos would be a different
story but we had
not overly concerned about it right now
now we've got to be on 1hp which means
that I can't be so laissez-faire about
just ignoring every consumable that
drops as much as I'd like to be okay BOM
bag is okay probably we should have just
thrown it into the moving box but it
doesn't really matter until we get that
black rune anyway we get a black room a
little weird I can't believe that sort
of work it's sort of weird but the
proper thing to do is actually suck it
up in the box so we can hold both the
arrow rooms we're going to start to get
into some little finicky when it comes
to making it work here I don't know if
we can afford to go in here because if
we die and then respawn inside of the
room we might just respawn in an endless
cycle of death it's something that has
happened to me before
it just depends on whether you die on
the way in or on the way out I think so
it is important to be a little bit more
conservative to be honest with you about
whether or not we go in there
had to be a luck upgrade we're still
only a 1.41 luck but it's actually fine
all now we're good okay so obviously
we're gonna fight this guy because you
know I don't know better and this Kanye
West said wait a minute was you saying
something you can't tell me nothing but
this is a no-brainer as far as I'm
concerned because we get bragging rights
for making the run like 0.05% harder
without any actual consequence so throw
two of these spirit arts away probably
oh let's go so we can't actually take
Guppies head what we can do the reason
is if I put moving box down in there and
try to suck it up
we're done you know I don't have enough
HP to get back in there we don't have a
battery charge sucked up anymore so we
are sucking power in general is a little
inhibited right now let's go this is
sort of the moment of truth because I
could see myself being on well no we
should have one spirit are protecting
our internal heart so if I can get hit
once we should be fine yeah
okay now I'm like my brains turning in
on itself i okay hear me out
you take void and if you take that it
will probably kill you it didn't kill me
and then use void to suck up the moving
box I don't know where the other items
are what I do know is that if they exist
void allows us to suck up the actives
and turn the passives into stat upgrades
so I think this is a logical albeit also
ridiculous decision that we've made you
know what I'm saying you're like what
I'm getting at is if we voided the
moving box the next play of void should
the next play of void should drop all
the items and then the one after that
should suck them all up now we don't
really want the active effects of the
items necessarily it's not a bad thing
probably but
still this is without a without a per
throw and without a black room this is
like one of the only ways we can
actually get moving bucks to pay out but
the other alternative and honestly I've
got myself a little convinced that this
is how it's actually going to go is that
maybe we just lost all of the items
inside the moving box forever because
the game went that's an edge case that's
rarely going to show up so don't sweat
it too much
hopefully that is not the case though
because this has the potential to be you
know we're performing like it roguelite
science right now we haven't had a run
it's weird because like that
statistically the run is uninteresting
you know it's a brimstone mid to your
damage run dime-a-dozen right but in
terms of like its level of interest it's
one of the strangest runs we've had in
like quite some time and as a result I'm
very interested to see where where the
world takes us here we should yera
everything to start with we should get
to like 16 items for bomb back there
trying to kick me it was a troll bomb in
there
and beyond this like roguelite science
you know we still got a run to win
there's a little light on the HP front
and I'm not talking about a brown sauce
of British origin that tastes excellent
on roast beef and ham that's right we've
got HP sauce up here
but-but-but how because we're your
Commonwealth brethren okay for God that
was so worth it not but sort of yet okay
let's go so start with the doublings and
then I think open and take what you want
like we want to get spun of course
that's not spun I think we want the luck
upgrade thing we want bloody lust we
don't care about Sagittarius actually or
GB bug or glaucoma we don't care about
Sagittarius because we're there already
we have top speed and we don't need
piercing shots we would love the extra
spirit arts dead onion is irrelevant
blood of the martyr is not the trail
probably is that is spun damage is
looking good now okay so next is
spitting out all the items I think note
instead it's I think we've lost the
items in moving box forever or possibly
when we voided the first time they gave
us sad bonuses and we didn't notice but
I'm skeptical of that so I think void
moving box has contributed to us losing
all of our stuff which is fine because
it was all about the experimentation to
begin with
and honestly like the stat increase that
we got from the void role there is
enough to make me not at all
disappointed without things look right
now you might think this is a bit of a
cheap way out and indeed it sort of is
but I've got some mental fatigue from
the from the void moving box plays like
my brain is like just zone out for a
minute man go watch some Morgan Mindy
I'll get one more room as penance but we
got to win here and it didn't always
seem like it was going to be a
guaranteed despite having brimstone
which is a little embarrassing either
way we out good run though fun run hope
you enjoyed it if you did click the like
button it helps out a great deal and of
course subscribe don't see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time